cloud_computing/digital-ocean/REFERENCES.md, before:



## Digital Ocean

- [DigitalOcean API (2.0)](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/api/api-reference/)

- [Command Line Interface (CLI) Reference for doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/reference/)

- [Tutorials](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials)

- [Give Feedback Product Docs Home](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/)

- [How To Install Jenkins on Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-jenkins-on-ubuntu-22-04)
- [Initial Server Setup with Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/initial-server-setup-with-ubuntu-12-04)
- [How To Install Java with Apt on Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-java-with-apt-on-ubuntu-22-04#installing-specific-versions-of-openjdk)

- [How to Provide User Data During Droplet Creation](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/provide-user-data/)



## doctl
- [How to Install and Configure doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/)


## Rust

- [How to install Rust on Ubuntu Linux](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/install-rust-on-ubuntu-linux)

## Settings

- [How to remove ssh key](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/how-to-remove-ssh-key)

Commit message:

restructuring folders.  The cloud provider first

cloud_computing/digital-ocean/REFERENCES.md, after:



## Digital Ocean

- [DigitalOcean API (2.0)](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/api/api-reference/)

- [Command Line Interface (CLI) Reference for doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/reference/)

- [Tutorials](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials)

- [Give Feedback Product Docs Home](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/)

- [How To Install Jenkins on Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-jenkins-on-ubuntu-22-04)
- [Initial Server Setup with Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/initial-server-setup-with-ubuntu-12-04)
- [How To Install Java with Apt on Ubuntu 22.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-java-with-apt-on-ubuntu-22-04#installing-specific-versions-of-openjdk)

- [How to Provide User Data During Droplet Creation](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/provide-user-data/)



## doctl
- [How to Install and Configure doctl](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/doctl/how-to/install/)


## Rust

- [How to install Rust on Ubuntu Linux](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/install-rust-on-ubuntu-linux)

## Settings

- [How to remove ssh key](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/how-to-remove-ssh-key)


# Terraform references

## Digital Ocean

- [How To Use Terraform with DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-terraform-with-digitalocean)
- [How To Manage Infrastructure with Terraform](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorial_series/how-to-manage-infrastructure-with-terraform)
- [How to Configure Terraform for DigitalOcean](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/terraform/getting-started/)
- []()
- []()

## Hashicorp

- [Providers](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers)
- [Azure Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs)
- [AWS Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs)
- [Google Cloud Platform Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs)
- [DigitalOcean Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/digitalocean/digitalocean/latest/docs)
- [Linode Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/linode/linode/latest/docs)

- [Deploy an Application to a DigitalOcean Droplet](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/applications/digitalocean-provider)
